Now there is one other place in the APA I want to use my own font that's here in the recipes list.
This text here simple affordable and the duration.
That's not using our own font and that's something I want to change.
And that's of course our email item here.
There we have these free text components and these simply need to get a style that uses our own fund
now by the way early and of course you'll learn about alternatives to that instead of assigning a style
and repeating a style assignment here.
You could also create your own wrapper component as we did with body text earlier in the course which
is simply wrapping the built in text component that always sets your own font family that will be an
alternative or you set up a global style which you import into this fall and actually not think about
it since we'll have more text later.
I will create my own wrapper component here and I'll have my let's say default text J.S. file here you
can name does whatever you want it in there I'll import react from react because I'm creating a react
component and import text and style sheet from React Native.
And now this is a thin wrapper around the built in text component.
So default text this component here is simply a component which returns the built in text component
around props start children so that we can use default text with opening and closing tax and in between
pass our text and they're all point at style start text here to assign my own textile make sure style
sheet is imported for this and then use style used to solitude to create one down there and store it
in the styles constant Of course all the export default text thereafter and now here in text I will
simply set up a font family of open sense that should be my default here that's the only thing I'll
change and now we can use default text whenever we have text in the app that should use our own custom
font family so for example here on the meal item we can now import does custom text so import default
text from DOT slashed you full text from our own component there and now use it default text down there
instead of the text component which I'm currently using just like this and though with that if we now
go there this actually is our own custom font it doesn't look that different but it is our own font.
This is especially clear if we go there and we change this to open sense bold of course because the
bold version is always a bit easier to recognize but I'll change it back to the non bold version so
we have our own custom texture as well you could style everything things here as well add colors add
icons whatever you want I'm done with my styling for the moment now I want to make sure that we have
more meaningful content here on the detail page before we done also later work on the filters screen
here.